{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
{\info
{\author Innova Sol}}\vieww23240\viewh11600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 About Owner: (first page, Approach)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs36 \cf0 So take a chance and don\'92t ever laid down (header quote)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 About Owner:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 Shishil Kumar is a small time entrepreneur, business man, e-marketer and an international level coder. He has some good network of bigger blogs and YouTube channels, and a marketing reach among several million people. Extremely motivated to constantly develop his skills and growing professionally. He is confident about his ideas for unforgettable IT Industry.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs28 \cf0 Achievements:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 Press coverage: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s not always easy to explain to people what makes an idea unique or special. Even more difficult is explaining to potential backers why they support an idea they don\'92t fully understand. CEO wrote varied press releases which published successfully at national and international level. His passion for technology flows through in the expert coverage he provides.\
Here are some press releases you like to read them:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Milwaukee Wisconsin Journal Sentinel {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://finance.jsonline.com/jsonline/news/read/33624687/Coding_Company_Expands_Clientele_Capacity_To_Help_Developing_Nations_And_Begins_Utilizing_Artificial_Intelligence"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 http://finance.jsonline.com/jsonline/news/read/33624687/Coding_Company_Expands_Clientele_Capacity_To_Help_Developing_Nations_And_Begins_Utilizing_Artificial_Intelligence}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 CEO World \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://finance.ceoworld.biz/ceoworldbiz/news/read/33624687"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf0 http://finance.ceoworld.biz/ceoworldbiz/news/read/33624687}}
\b0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 WFIE (NBC 14) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.14news.com/story/34326888/news"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf0 http://www.14news.com/story/34326888/news}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Daily Times Leader \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://business.dailytimesleader.com/dailytimesleader/news/read/33624687/Coding_Company_Expands_Clientele_Capacity_To_Help_Developing_Nations_And_Begins_Utilizing_Artificial_Intelligence"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf0 http://business.dailytimesleader.com/dailytimesleader/news/read/33624687/Coding_Company_Expands_Clientele_Capacity_To_Help_Developing_Nations_And_Begins_Utilizing_Artificial_Intelligence}}
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 Network and promotional Reach:
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 He have network in 33 colleges and 76 blogs and YouTube channels. These are partnered up with him to execute promotions at any time requested. However, he has certain obligations and responsibilities. Need to ensure that the product/service/event that is asking them to promote is well related to the demographics of the promotional reach. If it\'92s not well related, then there are a few problems that may occur:\
1) Low conversion. And so, wastage of efforts and time. \
2) Drop in people\'92s sensitivity to such promotions, therefore, reducing the conversion rate of even great products/services/events later on. \
So he ensures that the product/service/event you are trying to promote is well in line with the people it\'92s being marketed to. He cannot simply promote any product/service/event that\'92s thrown at him without tailoring it down to the general population\'92s needs.\
Some of the colleges and YouTube Channels are:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 University of Chicago\
University of Washington\
University of Virginia\
Georgetown University\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Columbia University\
Harvard University\
University of California\
 Cornell University\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 The Richest\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdxi8d8qRsRyUi2ERYjYb-w/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdxi8d8qRsRyUi2ERYjYb-w/about}}) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0  Wolters World \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/woltersworld/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/woltersworld/about}}) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Gabriel Travel \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/gabejedmo/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/gabejedmo/about}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Expoza Travel \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/ExpozaTravel/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/ExpozaTravel/about}})\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Kombi Life \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/kombilife/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/kombilife/about}})\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Seeker Daily \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/TestTubeNetwork/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/TestTubeNetwork/about}}) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 American Eye\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8cP3F7DseB_k-D1Afmstzw/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8cP3F7DseB_k-D1Afmstzw/about}}) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Lets Read! 
\b0 \
({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/LetsReadOfficial/about"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/user/LetsReadOfficial/about}}) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls3\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 Resume\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 From His resume, you will notice that He won over 30 coding competitions, some of which were at international level and online. You can still find and spot his name on Google on various competition pages. Also, from his resume, you will also notice his marketing and networking expertise. He won many online competitions online on different platforms.\
You can find his resume here:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Resume: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_hYXP1IYliZQlA4QmhXdTlORUE/view?usp=sharing"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf0 https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_hYXP1IYliZQlA4QmhXdTlORUE/view?usp=sharing}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 Social Media:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 Follow CEO on social media to keep up-to-date with the latest company news, research highlights and benefit from a range of useful resources.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 While these profiles you might find that one of our subject experts, or another member of the community, is able to help you. If you have an issue that requires action, please contact us through one of the\'a0following channels.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sb100\sa100

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Social Media Profiles: \
Twitter: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sb100\sa100
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/allenross356"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://twitter.com/allenross356}} \
Instagram:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sb100\sa100
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.instagram.com/allenross356/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.instagram.com/allenross356/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Online Presence:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 On these profiles, you will notice that he has completed over 150 projects of total worth of 70k-100k USD with good ratings and reviews. (Please login into these platforms, freelancer.com and upwork.com, while viewing profiles in order to verify these facts and to look up the reviews left by other clients.) \
As of Sept 2016, CEO (and company) has completed over 500 projects from various sources in total since April 2014. That many projects in just 2.5 years of start is an achievement in itself that we are proud of!\
You can find on online platforms:\
Freelancer:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://freelancer.com/u/allenross356.html"}}{\fldrslt http://freelancer.com/u/allenross356.html}}\
UpWork: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.upwork.com/o/profiles/users/_~018cf6845e655f7133/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.upwork.com/o/profiles/users/_~018cf6845e655f7133/}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs34 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
Team: (Second Page, work)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\fs36 \cf0 Teamwork Makes the Dream work\
\pard\pardeftab720\li375\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 Natasha Spare
\b0\fs26 \
Managing Director
\b\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 Sunil Howarth\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Creative Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 David Payen\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Business Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs28 \cf0 Higher management \
Designers \
Web Developer  \
Game Developer \
Mobile Developer \
Software Developer \
HR specialist \
Content Writers \
Digital Marketers \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc
\cf2 \
Higher management (5)\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 Managing Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd3\expndtw15
Natasha 
\b0 \kerning1\expnd3\expndtw15
has vast knowledge of the digital landscape, and knows exactly how to lead us to the most brilliant results possible. She's known for her high standards, honest approach, and the ability to relate and engage with clients. Natasha\'92s love for fashion and gaming has taken a back seat with hands on toddler now in the mix which is proving to be much more fun and rewarding.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Creative Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Sunil 
\b0 heads up Wantro's creative and development teams and has a knack for creating the perfect user experience. He really wants to be an astronaut, but spends far too long playing games and surfing the net to make it happen. Luckily, his 14 years of \'91Old Skool' experience leads to fantastic creative output that would be wasted if he were actually in\'a0space.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Business Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 David 
\b0 has been a Senior Marketing expert and thought leader who has been at the forefront of the development of new media and marketing strategies for over the past decade. When he\'92s not working on clients\'92 business objectives and needs you will find him on his boat fishing, hanging out with his family or going to the movies!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Senior Account Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Having run the social media accounts for some most recognized brands, 
\b Florence
\b0  has a knack for creating campaigns and content that connect with fans and drives results. She thrives on delivering excellent project management, and does it with a huge smile and a large dose of passion. At home you'll find her mainly in the kitchen - cooking up a storm, glass of wine in hand!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Studio Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Building on her many years of experience in the broadcast entertainment industries in producing, business affairs and talent management, 
\b Meena
\b0  is turning her \'91old analogue tricks\'92 into new digital ones as Wantro\'92s Studio Manager. When not wrestling the daily admin gremlins she is to be found creatively immersed in anything from meme creation, oil infusions, fur-sitting and sci fi geekery.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 \
Designers (4)
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Art Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Robin
\b0  is our multi-talented senior web designer, who is also a skilled illustrator. His experience spans across a broad range of design fields but his main passion lies in website and digital design. Robin has a slight obsession with fries and potato wedges which is equaled only by his love for the gym! A fun fact about Robin, Mariah Carey once sent him a private message giving him her personal email address so he could send her a particular artwork that he had created!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Graphic Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Having recently graduated with a degree in Communication Design, 
\b Bario 
\b0 is our Junior Creative here at Wantro. Although he takes on whatever projects come his way, virtual reality and 360 video. When he doesn\'92t have a headset on, Bario likes to spend his spare time painting and mixing music.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 UX and Brand Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Jolie
\b0  Reed specializes in creating brands and digital experiences. Her wide range of experience includes creating visual identities for large brands as well as designing mobile apps for tech startups. Besides taking one sugar with her tea she is\'a0passionate\'a0about the processes of\'a0design and loves photography.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Graphic Designer:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Chris
\b0\fs22  leads our design ensuring to deliver engaging, memorable and inspiring solutions. Combining creativity with strategic insight, Chris helps brands maximize their impact in the marketplace. With a passion for visual communication and brand creativity, Chris works across a range of disciplines from branding and advertising through to interiors and online. When not in the studio, Chris can usually be found wandering around the opposition's penalty box for his local footy team.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 Web Developer (4) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 Developer/ Engineer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 A backend guru, 
\b David
\b0  ensures a seamless integration of backend functionality with the front end interface. To him, what you don\'92t see working away in the background is just as important as what you see in the front end. When he\'92s not coding up a storm, you will find him practicing Tae Kwon-Do, going to the gym, running or binge-watching his favorite TV series!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \
Interface Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Dave
\b0  has a large and varied background in web development and has worked on some huge brands and projects during his many years at DDB and Isobar - Fiat, Volkswagen, Huggies, Hewlett-Packard, Samsung Electronics and Visa just to name a few! His impressive work history is backed up with some very prestigious globally recognized awards such as the D&AD, The Webby Awards, Wave Festival, Tomorrow Awards, Effie Awards, and Cannes Lions. He\'92s passionate about working with new technology and thrives on being creative and offering out-of the-box solutions to client\'92s briefs. When he\'92s not knee deep in code you will find him playing video games, watching super hero movies and reading about science, physics, astrology and math.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Sam
\b0  is an expert at developing the technical mumbo-jumbo that goes on behind the pictures you see on your computer screen. With an initial background in digital marketing, Sam has combined this with her web development expertise to ensure a smooth and engaging user experience for your clients when they browse your website.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Backend Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Nitin
\b0  brings with him a vast amount of front end & backend development knowledge and has formed a solid partnership with designers when it comes to developing your websites.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 \
Game Developer (6)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 3D Artist\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 With a background in 3D Art, Animation and Game Design, 
\b Micheal
\b0  is involved in dreaming up, creating and developing a number of our interactive experiences on mobile, virtual reality, and augmented reality. He\'92s passionate about producing high-quality visual assets which give the user a memorable and real-life experience and he is constantly seeking bigger and more exciting projects to work on. Outside of work, he\'92s an obsessive gamer, sci-fi enthusiast, and plays paintball whenever he gets the chance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Game Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Doimnic
\b0  is an experienced game programmer with over a decade of coding experience. He graduated from University Of Glam organ with a BSc in Computer Game Development. He delights in programming AI, physics, game play, frameworks, and everything in between.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Programmer
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Mike
\b0  is a greatly enthusiastic and experienced programmer who graduated from University Of Glam organ with a BSc in Computer Science. A man of many disciplines, he enjoys developing everything from gameplay to UI, and software to web.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Artist\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Oliver
\b0  is a keen artist, who graduated Swansea University with a degree in Computer Game Art. He is also an avid gamer and enjoys combining his two passions with Games Development.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Game Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Tom
\b0  is our artist and co game designer. Ruling over all visual aspects of game design with an unrelenting attention to detail. Tom will occasionally attempt to write code with disastrous and laughable results!\'a0\uc0\u8232 A graduate of fine art, Tom\'92s love for visual communication and storytelling is what floats his boat, as well as sharing what it means to be human through the abstract and limitless world of video games!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\
\
\
Game Programmer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 stefan 
\b0 takes care of programming and game design. Armed with logic and maths there's nothing Stefan can't build!\uc0\u8232 He earned his stripes during university studying computer science. He survived by exchanging PC repairs for vodka with the 5 art students he lived with. Despite losing his love for vodka, all things computery still engage him.\'a0\u8232 Stefan took his first steps into video game production with a program combining a virtual pet hamster with Tetris. Awesome.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 Mobile Developer (4)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 UI / UX Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Jacqueline 
\b0 deals with all things innovation and design; from creating icons for Wantro website, to branding and shaping visuals for client apps and web systems.\
After graduating from Central Saint Martins with a Degree in Product Design, Jacqueline  followed her interest in how users interact with technology, to shape a career in UX/UI design. As lead designer, Jacqueline's main task is to understand a client's app idea and take it from a concept to an intuitive user journey that is attractive and fulfills the requirements laid out by the client.\
Jacqueline's favorite app is Fashtagd because she enjoyed mixing her interest of fashion with design to work on this\uc0\u8200 project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 App Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 American football fan 
\b Sudhir 
\b0 has vast skills in both iOS & Android development and specializes in backend development on our apps.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Nick
\b0  is a key part of our development team. He boasts special skills in skiing and genetics (we\'92ll find a use for that one day).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 IOS Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Steve
\b0  is an experienced part of our iOS development team. He\'92s also a keen musician and all round music lover.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 Software Developer (6)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 Developer:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Vibhor 
\b0 holds many years of experience and has an impressive academic background, including an MSc. in Computing and Information Systems. Loving his strategy formulations and implementation, Vibhor\'92s Web Development specialization in back-end bespoke functionality and optimization of user experience are second to none.\
Alongside creating websites outside of the office, he loves Indie Film Making.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \'a0Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 With a wealth of experience under his belt, including 8 years of front & backend and 7 years of Design, 
\b Hale
\b0  is a gifted member of staff. Aware that the web is constantly changing, he's dedicated to research and development to keep him on top of his game.\
Not only is he a talented developer, he\'92s also a bit of a superstar singing and producing music with his band!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs28 \cf0 Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Alex
\b0  Silva is an experienced developer who works on both front end and back end. He has been with KD web since 2011 and has a Bsc and an MSc in IT and loves working with TYPO3 and Magento.\
Outside of work, like Bobby Cliff said -\'a0he don't like cricket, he love it!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 Supported by years of experience in software engineering and web/app development, 
\b\fs24 Russell
\b0\fs22  thrives on complex and challenging projects, and always manages to outshine expectations.\'a0\
When not studying R&D in new web technologies, 
\fs24 Russell
\fs22  likes to think of himself as a bit of an Eric Clapton, serenading his wife with beautiful riffs\'85!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs30 \cf0 Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Smith 
\b0\fs22 is a talented and passionate designer with a background in web design and coding. Since achieving his BA degree in Graphic Design, he has gone on to develop his design skills and knowledge in the mobile and web industry in order to keep ahead of the game and on top of current trends.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Digital Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Elizabeth 
\b0 is a dedicated digital designer who holds multiple qualifications in design including BA Hons. in Visual Communication.\'a0\
She is passionate about digital design but simultaneously is also in love with vintage - believing everything was much more beautiful in 19th century without technology, one of the reasons she prefers analogue cameras because the film always gives unexpected surprises.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 HR specialist (5)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 HR Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Monica
\b0  is a qualified and experienced HR and Organizational Development professional.\'a0With over five years strategic and operational human resource and learning and development experience, she delivers innovative human resource solutions in private, public and not for profit sectors.\uc0\u8232 Monica is highly adaptable and flexible and works\'a0on both small and large scale projects. An experienced coach and business partner, she has a dynamic and energetic approach towards developing practices that drive high performance.
\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 Senior Account Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Meera 
\b0 knows what drives results in the online space. She loves social media, and believes it's a great way to engage customers and create brand loyalty. She's managed, planned and placed online media for clients here and across the ditch, and is committed to delivering the best results in every campaign. Meera loves traveling, particularly to anywhere warm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb200

\b\fs32 \cf0 FINANCE\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100

\fs24 \cf0 Barnwell
\b0  really loves his job. No he really really loves his job! Barnwell never fails to make us smile and he really gets numbers, therefore making him one of our strongest assets. Plus he absolutely loves posing for the camera.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100

\b\fs32 \cf0 HR Consultant\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Riya
\b0  joined\'a0wantro\'a0as a consultant and has extensive experience as an HR practitioner. She is a Chartered Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Personnel & Development, a Member of the Chartered Management Institute, and is qualified to Level A & B in Occupational Testing (BPS). Riya has worked across both private and public sectors, in HR and other roles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 HR Consultant\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Zoya
\b0  is an experienced HR practitioner with over 5 years\'92 experience, gained in a range of HR related disciplines. She graduated with a 2:1 in Experimental Psychology from the University of Sussex and a MA in Industrial Relations from the University of Warwick, and is a member of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.\
Zoya has experience of working at Board level, as a Director of HR, and of managing multi-disciplinary HR teams working in complex unionized environments. Zoya is experienced in all aspects of HR, including policy and process advice, managing change and redundancy,\'a0TUPE, managing complex HR cases, job evaluation and improving workforce utilization.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs28 \cf2 Content Writers (2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 Web Scrip writer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Asrid 
\b0 is a comic book nerd from Edinburgh who has already won a host of awards in screen writing. \'a0It Takes the Notion\'a0and\'a0Ammonite\'a0is her first features. \'a0Russell T Davies -\'a0Doctor Who\'a0- is her mentor on the BFI flare scheme.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs30 \cf0 Copywriter\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Rodyn
\b0  specializes in copywriting, social media and telling stories. He once met Chris Eubank in a lift, apparently he was very polite.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc
\cf2 Digital Marketers (4)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs32 \cf0 Internet Marketing Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Anaya
\b0  has a BSc. degree in Psychology. Although she hasn\'92t quite perfected her mind reading skills she has used her insights to forge strong customer relationships and develop creative online marketing strategies.\
In her spare time she loves nothing more than discovering London on her bike.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Digital Marketer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Jane
\b0  is our Digital marketer, currently completing her placement here at Wantro for her Marketing/Advertising degree. She\'92s a social media fanatic, has a passion for creative advertising and a love for all things design related. When she\'92s not working on her next assignment, or\'a0living the intern dream here, she\'92s either out and about exploring the hidden treasures of Auckland, practicing her hand at photography, or at home scrolling through Pinterest.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 SEO\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 Alex
\b0  has been working alongside clients to increase traffic to their websites and implement their Digital Marketing strategies. With his vast technical knowledge and experience he enables clients to achieve their SEO goals, pushing them ahead of their competitors and optimizing their conversion rates.\
Other than his passion for SEO, he loves to feel the breeze when riding his motorcycle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Business Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 With 8 years of Digital Marketing, Advertising & Client Relationship Management experience and her friendly and approachable attitude, 
\b Katie 
\b0 is able to form exceptional professional relationships whilst always ensuring she has full awareness of client\'92s needs as to deliver the best digital solution for their business. Katie loves shopping, music and holidays and struggles to say no to chocolate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\fs36 \cf0 Team (Page 3, team)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs26 \cf0 We deliver Missions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The team at Wantro mixes together all of the ingredients we believe are required for a successful software company. We have highly talented, energetic developers, designers, architects and testers, all recruited through a rigorous process. Analytical minds that can understand the nuances of our customer\'92s businesses, the methodical project managers and designers, driven management with a focus for quality and delivery, and the innovators that transform the way we look at things.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Managing Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd3\expndtw15
Natasha 
\b0 \kerning1\expnd3\expndtw15
has vast knowledge of the digital landscape, and knows exactly how to lead us to the most brilliant results possible. She's known for her high standards, honest approach, and the ability to relate and engage with clients. Natasha\'92s love for fashion and gaming has taken a back seat with hands on toddler now in the mix which is proving to be much more fun and rewarding.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Creative Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Sunil 
\b0 heads up Wantro's creative and development teams and has a knack for creating the perfect user experience. He really wants to be an astronaut, but spends far too long playing games and surfing the net to make it happen. Luckily, his 14 years of \'91Old Skool' experience leads to fantastic creative output that would be wasted if he were actually in\'a0space.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Business Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 David 
\b0 has been a Senior Marketing expert and thought leader who has been at the forefront of the development of new media and marketing strategies for over the past decade. When he\'92s not working on clients\'92 business objectives and needs you will find him on his boat fishing, hanging out with his family or going to the movies!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Senior Account Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Having run the social media accounts for some most recognized brands, 
\b Florence
\b0  has a knack for creating campaigns and content that connect with fans and drives results. She thrives on delivering excellent project management, and does it with a huge smile and a large dose of passion. At home you'll find her mainly in the kitchen - cooking up a storm, glass of wine in hand!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Senior Account Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Meera
\b0  Wilkinson knows what drives results in the online space. She loves social media, and believes it's a great way to engage customers and create brand loyalty. She's managed, planned and placed online media for clients here and across the ditch, and is committed to delivering the best results in every campaign. Meera  loves travelling, particularly to anywhere warm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Art Director\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Robin
\b0  is our multi-talented senior web designer, who is also a skilled illustrator. His experience spans across a broad range of design fields but his main passion lies in website and digital design. Robin has a slight obsession with fries and potato wedges which is equaled only by his love for the gym! A fun fact about Robin, Mariah Carey once sent him a private message giving him her personal email address so he could send her a particular artwork that he had created!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Graphic Designer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Having recently graduated with a degree in Communication Design, 
\b Bario
\b0  is our Junior Creative here at Wantro. Although he takes on whatever projects come his way, whether it be branding or web design; he is currently immersing himself in the world of virtual reality and 360 video. When he doesn\'92t have a headset on, Bario likes to spend his spare time painting and mixing music.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Developer/ Engineer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 A backend guru, 
\b David
\b0  ensures a seamless integration of backend functionality with the front end interface. To him, what you don\'92t see working away in the background is just as important as what you see in the front end. When he\'92s not coding up a storm, you will find him practicing Tae Kwon-Do, going to the gym, running or binge-watching his favorite TV series!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Interface Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Dave
\b0  has a large and varied background in web development and has worked on some huge brands and projects during his many years at DDB and Isobar - Fiat, Volkswagen, Huggies, Hewlett-Packard, Samsung Electronics and Visa just to name a few! His impressive work history is backed up with some very prestigious globally recognized awards such as the D&AD, The Webby Awards, Wave Festival, Tomorrow Awards, Effie Awards, and Cannes Lions. He\'92s passionate about working with new technology and thrives on being creative and offering out-of the-box solutions to client\'92s briefs. When he\'92s not knee deep in code you will find him playing video games, watching super hero movies and reading about science, physics, astrology and maths.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 3D Artist\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 With a background in 3D Art, Animation and Game Design, 
\b Micheal
\b0  is involved in dreaming up, creating and developing a number of our interactive experiences on mobile, virtual reality, and augmented reality. He\'92s passionate about producing high-quality visual assets which give the user a memorable and real-life experience and he is constantly seeking bigger and more exciting projects to work on. Outside of work, he\'92s an obsessive gamer, sci-fi enthusiast, and plays paintball whenever he gets the chance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 \
\
Studio Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Building on her twenty years of experience in the broadcast entertainment industries in producing, business affairs and talent management, 
\b Meena
\b0  is turning her \'91old analogue tricks\'92 into new digital ones as Wantro\'92s Studio Manager. When not wrestling the daily admin gremlins she is to be found creatively immersed in anything from meme creation, oil infusions, fur-sitting and sci fi geekery.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b\fs32 \cf0 Digital Marketer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs24 \cf0 Jane
\b0  is our Digital marketer, currently completing her placement here at Wantro for her Marketing/Advertising degree. She\'92s a social media fanatic, has a passion for creative advertising and a love for all things design related. When she\'92s not working on her next assignment, or\'a0living the intern dream here, she\'92s either out and about exploring the hidden treasures of Auckland, practicing her hand at photography, or at home scrolling through Pinterest.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b\fs38 \cf0 Competitions: (Page 4. Bites)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs24 \cf0 E- Panorama Senior Programming:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thecodeclub.blogspot.in/2007/10/e-panorama-2007.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf0 http://thecodeclub.blogspot.in/2007/10/e-panorama-2007.html}}
\fs22 \
Natural log of Exun \'96 Computer club of DPS RK Puram\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lnexun.com/exun-2005-results-for-19th-november/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.lnexun.com/exun-2005-results-for-19th-november/}} \
Code wars 2005\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codewars.blogspot.in/2005/12/day-1-results.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://codewars.blogspot.in/2005/12/day-1-results.html}}\
 Wrap Code 2007\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thecodeclub.blogspot.in/2007/10/warp-2007.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://thecodeclub.blogspot.in/2007/10/warp-2007.html}}\
\
\
}